# Date
09/04/2020

# Internal/Supervisor
supervisor

# Attendees
all group members, Dr. Pranava Madhyastha

# Agenda
1. General progress update (web app, lime, shap, torchray)
2. Technical progress
3. Q&A

# Details

## LIME
Junqi J reported the progress about the LIME package:

* Yongkang Z implemented the object detector. This process is very slow: ~20s running on cpu

## Web app
Gengze J and Zhi W demonstrated a simple web usage. The web app:
* integrates all explanability method, ready to deploy
* implements section management
* user can upload mmf checkpoint
* included a doc page
* included a tutorial page

### TODO for web app
* database
* onnx
* pack all the src into a package
* need to include a tutorial page

### Advice from PM:
* for slow running object detection, can pre run all the examples existing in the mmf database and load them for later use
* the mmxai naming is good
* modularity - need to include in the report what's the benefit of modularity
* multimodal methods should also allow single modality <- include this in the report, this is for future dev
* alpha test, beta test - can invite friends and collect feedback. Use these feedback to improve the app and include this in the repo and report
* heat map for how much each modality contribute to the final explanation
* need to explain the explanation for non-computing background user better

## Question about onnx:
BM: onnx only store the actual nn models, it doesn't store the preprocessors for e.g. a bert model. If ask for user for this preprocessor, this is security risk.

PM: Email me individually

## Question about shap:
ZW:

PM: computing the bounding boxes to decrease the num of features -> choose a subset of regions which is important for inference.

## Question about system testings:
JJ: How should we evaluate the explanation?

PM: 1. testing should be focus on software (test driven development) 2. test if the explanation make sense

* point 1 should be the primary focus: tests for error handling, development of the test bed, test for user security, app performance.
* point 2 should be the secondary focus: alpha and beta test, is the explanation correct? Feedback? 

JJ: How should we test user security?

PM: google. Also test for unicode problem. Graceful error handling.